Ah, I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean to.
If you don't clean up before get off work
Don't blame me for deducting your salary.
Lao Jie
Clean up here
This used to be Xi Hancheng's office
No, I can't be found by Director Li. I'm here
How is the information of the current governor?
Supervisor Li
A whole week.
Just find me a name
Xi Shao, you don't know
Governor Xuanyuan
Although he has mastered the lifeblood of the entire Jiangcheng Chamber of Commerce
But mysterious and low-key
I also found out that he had been living abroad before
I recently returned home to find a savior
savior
Who is it, I heard it seems to be a female reporter
I don't know anything else.
If you can't find any other information about Governor Xuanyuan
Just pack up the pile for me and get out
Yes, my subordinate will do it now, let it go
Hey how are you
Sir, this is
office
But I clearly heard something just now
Go away